NARRATOR:
Five thousand years ago,
a fierce warrior
known as the Scorpion King
led a great army on a campaign
to conquer the known world.
(ALL SHOUTING)
(SPEAKING IN
ANCIENT EGYPTIAN LANGUAGE)
(SHOUTING)
NARRATOR:
After a vicious campaign
which lasted seven long years,
the Scorpion King and his army
were defeated
and driven deep
into the sacred desert
of Ahm Shere.
(BIRD SCREECHING)
One by one,
they slowly perished
under the scorching sun
until only
the great warrior himself
was left alive.
Near death,
the Scorpion King made a pact
with the dark god Anubis
that if Anubis
would spare his life
and let him conquer
his enemies,
he would give him his soul.
Anubis accepted his offer
and spared his life.
(YELLING)
Anubis gave the Scorpion King
command of his army,
(GROWLING)
And like an evil flood,
they washed away
all that lay before them.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
When his task was done,
Anubis forced
the Scorpion King
to serve him for all time.
(GRUNTS)
His army was returned
to the sands
from whence they came,
(GROWLING)
Where they wait, silently,
to be awakened once again.
(MICE SQUEAKING)
(GUN COCKING)
(SNARLING)
(BOTH SCREAM)
Alex?
What were you thinking,
a mummy had come back
to life?
I'll tell you
a story sometime.
What are you doing down here?
I told you to wait for us
up in the temple.
But, Dad, I saw...
No "buts."
It's dangerous down here,
Alex.
But I saw your tattoo.
You saw what?
On a wall by the entrance.
There's a cartouche
just like it.
With the pyramid and the eye
and the two kings
and everything.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay, well,
I'll be up to take a look
at that in a minute.
In the meantime,
I want you to wait for us
up there.
But... But...
No, pick up your stuff,
and I'll see you up
in the temple. Go.
Go on.
And...
And what shall I do?
I don't know. Surprise me.
Build a better mousetrap.
Okay.
While your mother
goes and desecrates
another tomb.
(HISSING)
Go away.
(GASPS)
Those are poisonous,
you know.
Only if they bite you.
What was all that about?
Oh, nothing.
Alex wanted
to show me something.
I swear,
the kid gets more and more
like you every day.
What,
you mean more attractive,
sweet and devilishly charming?
No, he's driving me crazy.
Now, where were we?
Hammer and chisel.
All right, all right!
Let's do it your way.
Thank you.
(THUDDING)
Ever since I had that dream,
this place is
all I can think about.
Ever since you had that dream,
I haven't had a decent night
of sleep.
EVELYN: I feel like
I've been here before.
I know I've been here before.
Evy,
nobody's been here before.
Not in at least 3,000 years.
Except for these guys.
Then how do I seem to know
exactly where I'm going?
MAN: Let's go.
(MICE SQUEAKING)
(VOICES ECHOING)
Knock, knock. Anybody home?
You two check out that stuff,
see if it's there.
I'll sort out the O'Connells.
You know, if you move that
fast enough, you can almost
write your name.
I just had a vision.
It was...
It was like my dream,
but it was real.
It was like
I was actually here
in ancient times.
Well, if you actually
were here, could you show me
how to open this thing?
Hold this.
All right, now you're
starting to scare me.
Now I'm starting
to scare myself.
What is this?
Look at the state
of this rubbish.
Those Egyptians
never had a clue.
It's all chintz and stuff.
Look at that.
Cheap pottery, this.
Ancient rubbish.
(SCREAMING)
(GUN COCKING)
Jacques,
something's hit me head!
Shut up, Spivey.
This place is cursed.
We do not want
to wake the gods.
(GROANING)
EVELYN: That's the emblem
of the Scorpion King.
He's supposed to be pure myth.
No... No trace of him
has ever been found before.
No artifacts,
no archival evidence.
Maybe they didn't want
anybody to find him.
Let's open this.
Evy, I don't have
a real good feeling
about this.
It's only a chest.
No harm ever came
from opening a chest.
Right,
and no harm ever came
from reading a book.
Remember how that went?
We can't stop now.
Just remember,
I was the voice
of reason here.
For once.
Rubbish. Rubbish.
Dreck. Chintz.
Only half of this...
(GROANING)
(LAUGHING)
God, that hurt!
Hon? Let's do it your way.
The bracelet of Anubis.
I'll take care of this.
(GUN COCKING)
(RUMBLING)
Oh, my God.
It's a bit late for that!
Put it in your rucksack.
I got a better idea.
Let's leave it here.
I think
it's a bit late for that!
What's it say?
"He who disturbs this bracelet
shall drink from the Nile."
That doesn't sound too bad.
(SCREAMING)
Jacques's gonna make
a nice fillet out of you,
my son.
Oh, please. Please.
Spivey! Jacques!
Let's get the hell
out of here!
Come on!
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
Whoa.
This is bad, Evy!
We've had bad before!
This is worse!
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(BOTH COUGHING)
Mom, Dad,
I can explain everything.
The Book of the Dead
gives life.
And The Book of the Living
takes life away.
I thought that was my job.
We're getting close.
(MEN CHATTERING)
Did you acquire it?
(RUMBLING)
(HORSE WHINNYING)
(SKITTERING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(SHUDDERING)
(SCREAMING)
We're getting very close.
(SKITTERING)
We've found him.
We've found him!
Step aside here.
Out of the way!
Imhotep. It's him.
It's Imhotep.
Now we must raise
those that serve him.
(MAN 1 SPEAKING ARABIC)
MAN 2: Get out of my way.
Get out of my way,
or I'm gonna shoot you
in the face.
He means it.
He shot someone before.
Give it to me.
The opportunity passed us by.
We need that bracelet.
And we need it
before it opens.
Enough.
My dear Hafez,
I told you I should have
handled it.
I did not want
your past history
to cloud the issue.
We know where it is.
We'll take care of it.
No, we'll take care of it.
I have a different chore
for you now.
Where is the bracelet?
It's on its way
to merry old London.
Then London
is where we must go.
I think the bracelet
is some sort of guide to
the lost oasis of Ahm Shere.
Evy, I know
what you're thinking,
and the answer is no.
We just got home.
That's the beauty of it.
We're already packed.
Why don't you just give me
one good reason?
It's just an oasis, darling.
A beautiful, exciting,
romantic
oasis.
The kind with the white,
sandy beach
and the palm trees
and the cool, clear,
blue water and...
We could have
some of those big drinks
with the little umbrellas.
Sounds good.
Sounds too good.
What's the catch?
Supposedly
it's the resting place
of Anubis's army.
See? I knew there's a catch.
There's always a catch.
And let me guess.
It was commanded
by that Scorpion King guy?
Yes, but he only awakens
once every 5,000 years.
Right. And if someone
doesn't kill him,
he's gonna wipe out the world.
How did you know?
I didn't.
But that's always the story.
The last known expedition
to actually
reach Ahm Shere
was sent by Ramses IV
over 3,000 years ago.
He sent over a thousand men.
And none of them
was ever seen again.
How did you know?
I didn't.
But that's always the story.
Did I mention
there was a pyramid of gold?
Twice.
Alexander the Great
sent troops in search of it.
Hooray for him.
So did Caesar.
Yeah, look what happened
to his career.
And Napoleon.
But we're smarter than him.
And taller, too.
Exactly. That's why
we're gonna find it.
Because we're taller?
That's why I love you.
Nice try.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
ALEX: Mom!
What do I do with this chest?
This sucker weighs
a goddang ton.
Alex, watch your language!
Rather weighty, this.
(CLICKING)
Huh?
Evy, that first weird dream
of yours was exactly
six weeks ago, right?
I think so, yes.
But what's that got to do
with anything?
It just happens to coincide
with Egyptian New Year.
Oh. That's right.
What a coincidence.
Maybe. All I'm saying is,
let's be cautious.
Oh!
If anything happened to you,
I would never forgive myself.
(GASPS)
(SNARLING)
You and Alex
are the only thing
that matter to me.
Well,
the Bembridge scholars
have been begging me
to run the British Museum.
Wh... Whoa.
Cripes, how do you
get this thing off?
Have I kissed you today?
I hate it when you do that.
Why?
Makes me feel like
agreeing to anything.
Anything?
Those knickers
are not mine.
Jonathan.
Hey, Alex,
behave yourself
for five minutes.
You betcha.
Happy to be home?
Couldn't be happier.
It's the year of the scorpion.
Neat!
Thought you might like that.
So then I killed the mummy
and all his minions
and stole his scepter.
Oh, you're so brave.
And rich.
Did I mention rich?
What do you think
I'm doing here?
Sorry. We must be
in the wrong house.
You said
this was your house.
No, I didn't.
Call me!
You're not Sheila's husband,
are you?
No.
Look, if you work for Johnny,
I was gonna pay him back
on Tuesday.
I don't know any Johnny.
We are looking
for the bracelet of Anubis.
Oh, good for you.
Good thing to have,
the old bracelet of Anubis.
Where is it?
You're looking here
for the bracelet. I see.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Mr. O'Connell,
you try my patience.
Mr. O'Connell?
No, hold on a minute.
You've got the wrong...
That bracelet.
Now I remember.
I lost it in a card game.
For your sake, I hope not.
It can't be.
ANCK-SU-NAMUN: Hello.
Hello.
Where's your wife?
My wife? Oh, you mean Evy.
I think she went off
to Baden-Baden
or Tibet or something.
The girl's a free spirit.
Did I mention
I was single now?
(HISSING)
Egyptian asps
are quite poisonous.
It's downstairs.
There's a safe.
The combination is 320-58...
393-something.
It's in a safe downstairs.
I told you. I told you!
And your point is?
My point is,
I told you so you
wouldn't kill me.
When did we make
that arrangement?
Hello.
Jonathan, I thought I said
no more wild parties.
Well, when you're popular...
Alex, I'm serious.
If you've lost that key,
you're grounded.
I haven't lost it.
I just can't find it.
There's a difference.
Well, you'd better start
finding it then.
I will, Mom.
There's nothing
to worry about.
Good evening.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for the chest,
of course.
Give it to me now.
Get out of my house.
Whoa, Mom.
Maybe not the best idea.
Alex, get back there.
Definitely not
the best idea.
I think it's time to yell
for Dad now.
Now I will kill you
and take it anyway.
ARDETH: I think not.
Ardeth,
what are you doing here?
Perhaps explanations
are best kept for later.
Ardeth Bay.
Lock-Nah.
Knowing my brother-in-law,
he probably deserves
whatever you're about
to do to him,
but this is my house,
I have certain rules about
snakes and dismemberment.
Shoot him!
(GROANING)
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
Whoa, Mom!
When did you learn to do that?
I have no idea.
That I learned
from your father.
I'll take that.
Whoa!
Not bad for a Medjai.
Let go!
What's in the chest?
The bracelet of Anubis!
They must not
get the bracelet!
Get it and get out of here!
Mom, look out!
Evelyn!
Mom!
Jonathan!
What'd you do this time?
I haven't done anything
to anybody!
(GUN FIRING)
Lately.
Come on!
Rick!
Evelyn!
Look out, Rick!
Dad! Dad!
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Yeah? Okay.
O'Connell.
What are you doing here?
No, scratch that.
I don't care.
Who are those guys?
Where are they taking my wife?
My friend, I'm not sure,
but wherever this man is,
your wife will surely be.
Hey, I know him.
He's the curator.
He works at
the British Museum.
Are you sure?
Believe him.
He spends more time there
than at home.
You're here,
the bad guys are here,
Evy's been kidnapped.
Let me guess.
Yes, they once again removed
the creature from his grave.
I don't mean
to point fingers,
but isn't it your job
to make sure
that doesn't happen?
That woman who was with him,
she knows things
that no living person
could possibly know.
She knew exactly
where the creature
was buried.
We were hoping she would
lead us to the bracelet.
She obviously did.
And now they have it.
I wouldn't get
too nervous just yet.
Is that gold?
When I stuck it on,
I saw the pyramids at Giza.
Then, whoosh!
Straight across
the desert to Karnak.
By putting this on,
you have started
a chain reaction
that could bring
the next apocalypse.
You, lighten up.
You, big trouble.
You, get in the car.
I am sorry
if I alarmed your son,
but you must understand,
now that the bracelet
is on his wrist,
we have only seven days before
the Scorpion King awakens.
We? What we?
If he is not killed,
he will raise
the Army of Anubis.
I take it
that's not a good thing.
Oh, he'll wipe out the world.
The old "wipe out
the world" ploy.
Whomever can kill
the Scorpion King
can send his army back
to the Underworld
or use it to destroy mankind
and rule the Earth.
That's why
they dug up Imhotep.
He's the only guy tough enough
to take out the Scorpion King.
That is their plan.
Alex,
I've got a big job for you.
Stay here and protect the car.
I can do that.
Protect the car?
Just because I'm a kid
doesn't mean I'm stupid.
I know.
Dad!
If you see anyone
come out screaming,
it's just me.
Maybe you should stay here
and watch him.
Yes, now you're talking.
You want the shotgun?
No, I prefer the Thompson.
If I were to say to you,
I'm a stranger
traveling from the east,
seeking that which is lost...
Then I would reply
that I am a stranger
traveling from the west.
It is I whom you seek. How...
Then it is true.
You have the sacred mark.
What, that?
No, that got slapped on me
in an orphanage in Cairo.
That mark means
you're a protector of man,
a warrior for God, a Medjai.
(GUN COCKING)
Sorry.
You've got the wrong guy.
(PEOPLE CHANTING)
(HAFEZ CHANTING
IN ANCIENT EGYPTIAN LANGUAGE)
Mr. Hafez.
They found him.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(ROARING)
(HAFEZ CHANTING
IN ANCIENT EGYPTIAN LANGUAGE)
(GROWLING)
Imhotep.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(LAUGHING)
(DOOR OPENING)
(GASPS)
Do not be frightened.
I am not afraid.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
You know, a couple
of years ago this would've
seemed really strange to me.
Lord Imhotep
will be much pleased.
Where is it?
Where is the bracelet?
I think I know.
At the very top
of the gold pyramid,
there was a huge diamond.
Huge? How huge?
It was so big,
it would reflect the sun
and wink at distant travelers,
beckoning them
to their deaths.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Get... No! Get off!
Oh, my God.
You wait! I'll put you
in your grave again!
Our thinking was,
not if we put you
in your grave first.
Burn her!
You bast...
(SCREAMING)
Rick!
(GUNS FIRING)
Open it! Open it!
I'm trying, I'm trying!
Meela!
ALEX: Hurry up!
JONATHAN: Come on, come on,
come on!
You broke it,
you broke it, you broke it!
Be quiet, Alex!
If there's gonna be hysterics,
they'll come from me!
Go, go, go, go!
Oh, no.
Not these guys again.
(ALL GROWLING)
What are we gonna do?
You're asking me?
I'm only eight years old!
Honey, what you doing?
These guys don't use doors.
Where the hell's Jonathan?
Alex!
What's the matter
with my car?
I was forced to find
an alternative means
of transportation.
A double-decker bus?
It was his idea!
Was not!
Was too!
Just go!
It was too!
Was not!
Oh, jeez.
No, no! Not my car!
Oh, I hate mummies.
Glad to see me now?
Just like old times, huh?
Right.
(SNARLING)
(EXCLAIMS)
(SCREAMS)
(SNARLING)
(GRUNTING)
(SNARLS)
Turn! Turn! Turn! Turn! Turn!
(YELLING)
(GROWLING)
No! Get out of the way!
(SNARLING)
ALEX: Look out!
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Whoa!
Great driving, Uncle Jon.
Yeah.
You all right?
This was my first bus ride.
What would I do without you?
Are all librarians
this much trouble?
Oh, jeez, get a room.
Let me go!
Alex!
Silence!
ALEX: Stop!
Go!
Stop!
(BELL RINGING)
(GRUNTING)
Alex.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Please, do not fear
for your son, my friends.
They cannot hurt him,
for he wears the bracelet
of Anubis.
Alex is wearing
the bracelet?
When he put it on, he said
he saw the pyramids at Giza,
the temple at Karnak.
And when they reach Karnak,
the bracelet will show him
the next step of the journey.
Well, if we don't
get to Karnak before them,
we won't have any idea
where to look for him next.
Seems to me like
we need a magic carpet.
(TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING)
When Lord Imhotep
last encountered
the O'Connells,
they sent his immortal soul
to the Underworld.
As powerful as he will become,
he is still vulnerable.
Only with the Army of Anubis
will he be invincible.
He will need your help.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Keep this with you always.
Hey!
The Book of the Dead!
What a bright little child.
Your mother must be
missing you terribly.
If you wish to see her again,
you'd better behave.
Lady, I don't behave
for my parents.
What makes you think
I'm going to do it for you?
Silence!
Because your parents
wouldn't slip poisonous snakes
into your bed
while you were sleeping.
Lord Imhotep
wishes to meet the boy.
Now we shall see
how brave you are.
Hey! Watch the suit! Hey!
Me fingers!
Nice.
Very nice.
Did you acquire
what we asked?
Oh, we acquired it, all right.
You know what?
We had to kill
two of those guards at
the mausoleum to acquire it.
This chest is cursed.
It says there is one,
the undead, who will kill
all those who open this chest.
Yes, yes, and the creature
will suck them dry,
then become whole again.
We've all heard
this story before.
Yeah, but I heard the yanks
who found it nine years ago
all died.
Horrible deaths, they were.
So, with that in mind...
We want ten.
Quiet!
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
The agreement was for five.
Yeah, well, we want ten,
or we'll take it elsewhere.
If you...
Ten will be just fine.
Follow me, gentlemen.
Get in.
(GASPS)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
It is you
who are the chosen one,
you who will take me
to Ahm Shere.
What if I don't?
What if I get a little... lost?
(LAUGHING)
You have strength, little one.
You are your father's son.
But I know something
you don't.
This bracelet is a gift
and a curse.
The sands of time
have already begun
to pour against you.
Yeah, yeah.
I already heard this part.
From the minute
I put the bracelet on,
seven days do I have before
the Scorpion King wakes up.
Did you also hear
that if you do not
enter the pyramid
before the sun strikes it
on that very morning
that the bracelet
will suck the life out of you?
That part I missed.
Hey, wait a minute.
That means I've only got
five days left.
Then I believe
it will be best if we do not
get lost. Don't you?
My dad
is going to kick your ass.
(GASPS)
I do not think so.
In here, gentlemen,
you shall receive
your just rewards.
No tricks now, woman.
We're not giving up this chest
till we're satisfied.
Oh, don't worry.
There is much satisfaction
to be had.
(WHOOSHING)
What's going on?
This place is cursed.
What is it with you
and curses?
He ain't happy
without a curse.
This is cursed.
That is cursed.
Give it a rest, will you!
(ALL SCREAMING)
Christ!
He wants you
to open the chest!
Open the chest!
No!
(GUNS COCKING)
Where'd he go? Where'd he go?
(ALL SCREAMING)
Spivey!
This is the magic carpet?
He'll be fine.
He's a professional.
Izzy!
(MUMBLING)
(DOOR LOCKING)
Hey!
He definitely
remembers you.
He's a little shy.
Jonathan, get our bags.
Oh, my hands are full.
Now.
Right. I'll get the bags.
I'll deal
with the flight details.
Honey,
you're not a subtle man.
We don't have time
for subtle.
Izzy, come here.
Oh, no, no.
Doesn't look happy
to see you.
Never turned me down yet.
Whatever it is,
whatever you need,
I don't care.
Forget it, O'Connell.
Every time I hook up with you,
I get shot!
Last time,
I got shot in the ass.
I'm in mourning for my ass.
Remember that bank job
in Marrakesh?
Bank job?
It's not like it sounds.
It's exactly how it sounds.
I'm flying high,
hiding in the sun.
The white boy here
flags me down, so I fly in
low for the pickup.
The next thing you know,
I get shot!
I'm lying
in the middle of the road
with my spleen hanging out,
and I see him waltzing up
with some belly dancer girl.
Belly dancer girl?
Izzy, I think
you and I should talk.
As long as I don't get shot.
Quit your whining.
You're gonna get paid
this time.
IZZY: O'Connell, have you
looked around here any?
Huh?
What do I need money for?
What the hell am I
gonna spend it on?
I'm gonna keep this short.
My little boy is out there.
I'm gonna do whatever
it takes to get him back.
O'Connell, if you give me
that gold stick there,
you can shave my head,
wax my legs and use me
for a surfboard.
Didn't we do that in Tripoli?
Say, by the way,
when did you lose your eye?
Oh. I didn't.
I just thought
it made me look more dashing.
Come on. Get to work.
You're not exactly
catching me at my best.
Oh, I'm sure I am.
(HORSE NEIGHING)
I knew it. I'm gonna get shot.
These are the commanders
of the 12 tribes
of the Medjai.
Horus!
(CHIRPING)
Pet bird.
My best
and most clever friend.
He will let the commanders
know of our progress
so that they may follow.
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
(HORSES NEIGHING)
If the Army of Anubis arises,
they will do all they can
to stop it.
Rick, are you sure
Izzy's reliable?
Yeah, yeah,
he's reliable-ish.
Isn't she beautiful?
It's a balloon.
Oh! It's a dirigible.
Where's your airplane?
Airplanes are a thing
of the past.
Izzy, you were right.
I was?
Yeah.
You're gonna get shot.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
She's faster than she looks.
And she's quiet. Real quiet.
Perfect
for sneaking up on people,
which is a very good thing.
Unless, of course,
we go with your approach
barging in face-first,
guns blazing, and getting
your friends shot in the ass!
Why can't you people
ever keep your feet
on the ground?
O'Connell does not want
to believe, but he flies like
Horus towards his destiny.
Yes, yes, very interesting.
Tell me some more
about this gold pyramid.
Well, it is written
that since the time
of the Scorpion King,
no man who has laid eyes
upon it has ever returned
to tell the tale.
Where is all
this stuff written? Hello.
Got it.
(CHIRPING)
Pretty nice, eh?
This is all I have left
in the world.
The rest of my fortune
was lost
to some rather
unscrupulous characters,
actually.
But if the curator reacted
to it the way you say,
it must be very important.
If I were you,
I would keep it close.
My friend,
the gods couldn't take this
away from me.
Hey! That's mine!
No, it's not!
Keep your hands off of it.
Hey.
I want him back, Rick.
I want him in my arms.
I know.
We taught him well.
He's smarter than you
and he's tougher than me.
I love him so much.
I just can't...
I know. We both do,
and Alex knows that.
I'll get him back, Evy.
I promise.
I know you will.
ALEX: Are we there yet?
No.
Are we there yet?
Whoa! That was amazing!
Perfect aim.
What are you talking about?
I missed.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Make it quick.
Hurry up.
Hey, reading material.
Now!
I can't go
when someone's watching.
I don't trust you.
You'll look.
(GRUNTING)
Damn!
Oh, my God!
Doesn't anyone around here
know how to flush a toilet?
(WHEELS SCREECHING)
(MEN CHATTERING)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(GUNS FIRING)
Karnak.
Huh?
(CHIRPING)
If a man does not
embrace his past,
he has no future.
Look, even if
I was some sort of
sacred Medjai, what good
does that do me now?
It is the missing piece
of your heart.
If you embrace it,
if you accept it,
you can do anything.
Sounds great. Listen.
What can we expect
from our old friend Imhotep?
His powers are returning.
By the time
he reaches Ahm Shere,
even the Scorpion King
won't be able to stop him.
(IMHOTEP SPEAKING
ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(MAN SPEAKING
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(ALL CLAPPING)
PHARAOH: Anck-su-namun!
Imhotep!
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(SCREAMING)
Evy!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Imhotep!
Imhotep.
Anck-su-namun.
Evy, I know
you haven't exactly
been yourself lately
with all these dreams
and visions...
No, no,
they're memories
from my previous life.
Honestly, I'm not
losing my mind. It all
makes perfect sense now.
And that's the reason
why we found the bracelet?
Exactly. I was its protector.
Now do you believe,
my friend?
Clearly, you were destined
to protect this woman.
Right.
She's a reincarnated princess,
and I'm a warrior for God.
And your son leads the way
to Ahm Shere.
Three sides of the pyramid.
This was all preordained
thousands of years ago.
And how does the story end?
Only the journey's written,
not the destination.
Convenient.
How else do you explain
Evy's visions?
That it is your son
who wears the bracelet?
How do you explain your mark?
Coincidence.
My friend,
there is a fine line between
coincidence and fate.
Don't even think about it!
Hold on there, partner.
When the time comes,
I shall truly
enjoy killing you.
But until that time,
you better be
a little nicer to me.
Now, where's my water?
No ice?
(SPEAKING
ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Make sure he doesn't move!
They've gone. We've lost them.
Rick!
Alex left us his tie,
and he made us
a little sand castle.
It's the Temple Island
of Philae.
They've gone to Philae.
That-a-boy, Alex.
Come on!
The great temple
of Abu Simbel.
(CHIRPING)
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
That's the Blue Nile
down there.
We must be
out of Egypt by now.
In ancient times,
all this still belonged
to the upper kingdom.
The oasis must be
around here somewhere.
RICK: Don't worry, Evy,
we'll find him.
He's a smart kid.
He'll leave us a sign.
Surprised to see me?
Leaving bread crumbs,
huh? Huh?
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(GASPS)
We're in trouble!
Whoa!
(GROWLING)
Horus, fly!
Izzy, come hard right!
Starboard! Starboard!
(GRUNTING)
(ALL PANTING)
Was there a little something
you forgot to mention?
People?
(BIRDS TWITTERING)
(MONKEYS CHATTERING)
Ahm Shere.
Right.
(RUMBLING)
He's back!
(GROWLING)
Hang on!
Well, that's not good.
RICK: Hang on!
Mom?
Dad?
RICK:
We're gonna go get my son.
Then we're gonna wanna
get out of here fast,
so make this work, Izzy.
No, no, you don't understand,
goddamn it.
This thing
was filled with gas.
Not hot air... Gas.
I need gas to get this thing
off the ground.
Where am I gonna get gas
from around here? Huh?
Bananas? Mangos?
Tarzan's ass?
Well, maybe I could
finagle it to take hot air.
But do you know
how many cubic meters
I'd need? It's too big!
If anybody can fill
this thing up with hot air,
Izzy, it's you.
Come to Daddy.
(WHISTLING)
Horus!
(CHIRPING)
JONATHAN: So, Rick,
what's the plan?
RICK: Let's find
some higher ground.
(HORUS CHIRPING)
(GUN FIRES)
Horus!
I must go.
Where?
I must let the commanders
know where we are.
You can't go.
If the Army
of Anubis arises...
I need you
to help me find my son.
Then first, I shall help you.
Thank you.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
Look. Roman legionnaires.
And here.
Turn-of-the-century French.
Napoleon's troops.
What in the name
of Anubis did this?
(GROWLING)
You hear that?
What?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
My word!
I say, chaps, look at this.
Shrunken heads.
I'd love to know
how they do that.
Just curious.
You any good with that?
Three times Fox and Hound's
grand champion,
I'll have you know.
You any good with that?
You'll know soon enough.
Because the only way
to kill an Anubis warrior
is by taking off its head.
I'll remember that.
Evy, try to remember to...
Just keep it tight
in the shoulder and
lead the target a little bit,
and then...
And squeeze the trigger.
Don't pull it.
I won't miss.
(SNARLING)
Pyramid.
The pyramid.
Cripes, I'm in trouble now.
Now may I kill him?
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Retrieve that bracelet.
With pleasure.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Something is coming.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Jonathan?
Yes?
That's my husband
and my son down there.
Make me proud.
Today's that day, Evy.
(GUN COCKING)
(MAN SHOUTING IN ARABIC)
Where's the boy?
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHUDDERING)
(SNARLING)
The black book!
Let's go!
(PEOPLE YELLING)
(MEN SHOUTING)
There you are!
(GUNS FIRING)
The time has come,
my little friend.
Let go!
Dad!
Alex!
Alex...
Dad!
Time to remove that bracelet,
my good son.
Dad!
Dad, behind you!
Whoa!
(YELLING)
(MEN GRUNTING)
(MEN EXCLAIMING)
(SNARLING)
(GUN FIRES)
Let's go.
Thank God for that.
The two of you must
sacrifice yourselves for me.
You shall be rewarded
in heaven!
(SNARLING)
Mom!
Alex!
Hey, nice shootin', Tex.
What were those creepy
little pygmy things?
Just the local natives.
Are you sure?
I'm sure. It was nothin'.
Come on, Mom!
Come on! Come on, Dad!
We have to get to the pyramid.
I have to get the bracelet
off now!
Oh, leave it on, Alex.
Looks good on you.
No, you guys!
You don't understand!
He told me the bracelet
will kill me
if I don't get inside
the pyramid
before the sun hits it!
Today!
Oh, my God.
(CREATURES SCREECHING)
Time to go!
I thought you said
it was nothing!
(SCREECHING)
Where's Jonathan?
Look! There's a burial ground!
We're safe! We're safe!
See those sacred stones?
They'll never cross those.
You are sure?
Yes, of course I'm sure!
(SCREAMING)
Sorry. My mistake.
JONATHAN: Wait for me!
EVELYN: Hurry up, Jonathan!
Wait for me! What's that for?
Ah, nothin'.
Just a little something
in case of an emergency.
(SCREECHING)
Rick.
Let's go, Alex!
Run! Come on, Alex,
faster! Come on!
Come on!
Dad! The bracelet!
Run! Come on!
(BOTH PANTING)
You know, it's not
easy being a dad.
Yeah,
but you do it really good.
Thanks.
They made it. Thank God.
Oh, yes. Great.
Fabulous.
(GROANS)
No!
Evy!
Jonathan! Jonathan!
Mom!
You're going to be all right.
Isn't she, Dad?
She'll be fine.
She's going to be all right.
Just get him...
Take him. Take...
Mommy's fine. It's okay.
Where... Evy...
Your mother's
gonna be fine, okay?
Oh, my God!
You're real strong.
You're gonna make it.
RICK: You're fine.
What do I do?
What do I do, Evy?
Take care of Alex.
No. Sweetheart, no.
I love you.
No, don't... No. No!
Evy? Evy?
RICK: No. No. Evy!
Come back, Evy.
Evy, come back.
Come back.
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Stay here.
(GASPS)
(SKITTERING)
Whoa!
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
Try to think of it like this,
Alex.
She's gone to a better place.
You know,
like it says in the good book.
The book.
What?
That's it.
That's it. Come on,
Uncle Jon!
That's what?
Come on! Come on!
That's it! The book!
What?
(GRUNTING)
You're too late, O'Connell.
I have released
the Army of Anubis.
Lord Imhotep shall soon kill
the Scorpion King
and take command.
Not after
I get through with him.
(SCREAMING)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Niy!
Niy! Niy!
You realize, of course,
that this can only be done
by someone who can actually
read ancient Egyptian.
I don't know about you,
but I'm a tad rusty.
Now where?
We go right.
How do you know?
"Kasheesh Osirian Nye."
Basically, "This way
to the Scorpion King."
Mum taught me.
This just might work.
(GROWLING)
(JONATHAN CLEARING THROAT)
It's time someone
taught you a lesson,
wench. Come on.
This is for my sister.
(GONG RINGING)
(GRUNTING)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(GROWLING)
(YELLING)
Is that all you've got?
(SHOUTING)
(ALL YELLING)
Hurry up, Alex!
"Hootash naraba oos Veesloo.
"Ahm kum Ra. Ahm kum Dei."
"Efday Shokran...
Efday Shokran..."
Uncle Jon, I don't know
what this last symbol is!
What's it look like?
It's a bird! A stork!
I know that one!
Then what is it?
Ahmenophus!
That's it!
"Efday Shokran Ahmenophus!"
Why don't you pick on
somebody your own size?
Oh, my God. Evy!
Take Alex.
Go and help Rick.
But Mom...
No "buts," Alex.
Come on, Alex.
But... But...
I'll be just fine.
We did it, Uncle Jon!
We did it!
Right, partner.
Now, let's go help your dad.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(GROWLING)
Nefertiri.
Anck-su-namun.
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
That's a little
something new!
(SHIVERING)
(GROWLING)
My lord!
Save me! Save me!
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
(ALL CHEERING)
(ALL SHOUTING)
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
Okay, now I'm a believer.
Rick!
Jonathan!
Dad!
It's a spear!
The gold stick thing...
It's a... It's a spear!
Really?
Doesn't look like a spear!
No! That's because
it opens up into one!
Yes? And?
Jonathan!
It opens up into a spear!
(ROARING)
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
(ALL SHOUTING)
Rick!
Evy?
Twist it!
Pull! I tried it! Push!
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Jonathan, quick!
Jonathan, throw it!
Kill the Scorpion King!
Send his army back
to the Underworld!
Step aside, Alex.
I'm a professional.
(SNARLING)
(SPEAKING ANCIENT EGYPTIAN)
Rick!
No!
(GROWLING)
Niy!
Go to hell, and take
your friends with you!
(GROWLING)
(ALL CHEERING)
(GRUNTS)
Dad!
Evy, no! Get out of here!
Just get out of here!
No!
Mom!
Hang on, Rick!
(SCREAMS)
Anck-su-namun!
No!
Anck-su-namun.
(GROWLING)
(RUMBLING)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
Whoa!
Let's go up!
This whole damn place
is gonna get sucked up!
Let's move up! Go!
JONATHAN: Go, Alex!
Come on! Come on!
Rick, we're trapped!
IZZY: Hey!
Izzy!
Come on!
Get your butts moving!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
I haven't got all day!
RICK: Go! You're next!
(GRUNTS)
RICK: Jonathan! Hold on!
Pull him up! Pull him up!
Pull up! Pull me up!
Wait! Wait!
Let me down! Let me down!
RICK: It's not worth
your life, you idiot!
Yes, it is! Yes, it is!
Right.
(YELLING)
Pull me up! Pull me up!
Whoo! Whoo!
Okay.
Yeah! O'Connell.
You almost got me killed!
At least you didn't get shot.
Izzy! Thank you!
Thank you!
Yes!
O'Connell, who the hell
you been messin' with
this time?
Huh?
Oh, you know, the usual.
Mummies, pygmies,
big bugs.
(SPEAKING ARABIC)
(HORSE NEIGHING)
I thought
I almost lost you there.
For a moment there, you did.
Would you like to know
what heaven looks like?
Later.
BOTH: Oh, please!
That's half mine,
you know.
What?
That's half mine.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
What? You took my gold stick!
I know you took my gold stick!
I swear on the head
of my wife, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
IZZY: You haven't...
You ain't got a wife!
JONATHAN: I don't have
your gold stick either!
Forever
Forever may not be long enough
For my love
I have a will but I'm lost
inside your time
If you could
would you come with me
To the other side
Forever may not be long enough
For this life
Forever
Forever may not be long enough
For you to know
Just how far I traveled
Just how far
I will go
Open your heart and everything
Will be all right
Open your heart, baby
Leave with me
Don't be afraid
Forever
Forever may not be long enough
For our love
Forever
Forever may not be long enough
It might be long enough